It was a very nice day at school. First, I had to run to my locker. In homeroom class, we had a test on math and Jane got a
perfect score. I forgot my homework for history class, and the teacher was not mad! Next I had to quickly write a report about
dog, and it was so interesting. I read it to the class and it made everybody sleep. Lunch was the best part of the day, we ate
sadwiches with pizza. In art class, Tom spilled the milk all over my new painting and it turned out nice. Music class took
forever, I just wanted to hop through it. I asked for a pass to go to the computer lab, and I saw Jacob and Jessica talking in
the hall. My last class was computer, and we played with three new ipads. After school, I felt tired as I rode the bus home.


On the bus I was so tired that I fell alseep and I missed my stop!
Since I missed my stop I had to walk home from the end of the bus route. 
It was a long walk, but eventually I made it home.
My mother was worried sick because I was so late, but I explained what happened and then we ate dinner.

I was happy to go home after a long day at school. I didn't have any more papers to write, but I had plenty of math homework to do.
The math homework was all linear algebra, but thankfully most of the problems were just calculating determinants.
There was one proof which I struggled with for an hour, but I persevered and eventually finished it.
I also had a test in a few days for history class, so I started studying.

It is finally the test day.
I got up early and walk through my notes in great detail. The early refreshment really gave me a lot of confidence.
As I grab my backpack and leave, I saw the very last school bus drove away.
It is impossible for me to arrive on time for the test, so I asked my friendly good neighbor Spiderman for a lift.
He grab me and swing all the way to my school and I end up arrived before the school bus did!

After I got to school, I took the test and I aced it! I had such a wonderful day!! I was very happy and I thought everything worked well.



